JP-4319: Only process DHS stripes present in both specwcs and regions files (#10453)
spacetelescope/jwst: changes/10453.assign_wcs.rst

> For NIRCam DHS data, only generate transforms for stripes present in both the regions and specwcs reference files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix a bug where attempting to generate transforms for stripes present in the specwcs file but not the regions file caused crashes for NIRCam DHS stripe1 and stripe2 subarray data.
```
